
Contexts for 'economy' in 2013:
1. minn. man indicted on first-degree murder charges in nov. deaths of teens found in his home | fox news fox news media fox news media fox business fox nation fox news audio fox weather outkick books fox news u.s. politics world opinion media entertainment sports lifestyle video ai more expand / colla...
2. news.az - latest news from azerbaijan news.az toggle navigation politics azerbaijan opinion region analytics world economics interviews exclusives central asia cop29 ukraine and russia at war middleeast culture tourism sports photos video hydrogen revolution in kazakhstan: what will change by 2030? ...
3. hug a tree! 5 fun facts about earth day | fox news fox news media fox news media fox business fox nation fox news audio fox weather outkick books fox news u.s. politics world opinion media entertainment sports lifestyle video ai more expand / collapse search login watch tv menu u.s. crime military e...
4. congress rubbishes charges against nalini, seeks cbi probe into chit fund scam - the hindu india world elections technology e-paper menu science data health opinion search free trial gift a subscription subscribe login account premium open in the hindu app free trial login gift a subscription accoun...
5. sarabjit in deep coma, on ventilator support; family to leave for pakistan tomorrow - the economic times benchmarks nifty 24,964.25 -34.21 featured funds   canara robeco infrastructure direct-growth 5y return 32.76 % invest now featured funds   canara robeco flexi cap fund direct-growth 5y return 22...

Contexts for 'economy' in 2023:
1. oslo, 21 november 2023 -adevinta asa (ade) (adevinta'' or the company) has accelerated the release of its q3 2023 results, originally scheduled for 23 november, due to the concurrent announcement of a voluntary tender offer to acquire all issued and outstanding ordinary class a shares in adevinta by...
2. the united stated of america seen from space. high quality 3d rendered image, made from ultra high ... [+] res 20k textures by nasa: https://visibleearth.nasa.gov/images/55167/earths-city-lights, https://visibleearth.nasa.gov/images/73934/topography, https://visibleearth.nasa.gov/images/57747/blue-m...
3. jersey city, nj, nov.  23, 2023  (globe newswire) -- insightace analytic pvt. ltd. announces the release of a market assessment report on the"globalcircular economy market- (by business model (product-as-a-service (leasing, sharing, and subscription models), product life & product use extension (reu...
4. reuters donald trump used his social media platform, truth social, to launch a scathing attack on his political enemies it was  thanksgiving  - and  donald trump  took the occasion to lash out at his political enemies, and on those involved in his civil fraud trial.  in a fiery thanksgiving message,...
5. precision wealth strategies llc lowered its position in shares of goldman sachs innovate equity etf (nysearca:ginnfree report) by 13.6% in the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the sec. the firm owned 10,244 shares of the companys stock after selling 1,613 share...

Contexts for 'policy' in 2013:
1. shinde's remark on rapes:  rapes happen all over india: sushilkumar shinde | india news - times of india edition in in us sign in toi india saving our stripes times evoke maharashtra delhi karnataka tamil nadu telangana uttar pradesh west bengal gujarat madhya pradesh bihar chandigarh rajasthan arun...
2. 'watergate' may spell the end of sofia city prosecutors career - novinite.com - sofia news agency inews novinite econ doctoronline jenite div sporta fitwell sportuvai peika programata news in english oct 14, 2024  210663 articles  732 interviews  10755 pictures  7176 subscribers  usd 1.78811 eur 1.9...
3. the winner is: the euro  dw  04/09/2013 you need to enable javascript to run this app. skip to content skip to main menu skip to more dw sites latest videos latest audio regions africa asia europe latin america middle east north america germany topics climate equality health human rights migration t...
4. service tax return for second half of fy13 extended to august - the hindu india world elections technology e-paper menu science data health opinion search free trial gift a subscription subscribe login account premium open in the hindu app free trial login gift a subscription account premium subscri...
5. business & financial - international news, currencies & economic indicators monday, 14 october 2024 07:19 gmt  log in remember me forgot username or password new here? create an account home news news by industry news by region american europe arab world asia africa rss press distribution press rele...

Contexts for 'policy' in 2023:
1. former republican texas congressman will hurd suspended his presidential bid on monday andendorsed fellow gop primary candidate nikki haley, officially abandoning a brief campaign built on criticizing donald trump at a time when his party seems even more determined to embrace the former president. r...
2. if passed by parliament, thailand would be first country in southeast asia to legalise same-sex marriage and only the second in asia, after taiwan. bangkok, thailand somphat satanavat has big plans for his wedding day. he has started looking for just the right hotel for the banquet, something in a n...
3. when a dozen latin american presidents and foreign ministers meet on sunday in mexico, they'll face a huge task: finding a solution to migration flows roiling two continents as people make their way to the united states. this year alone, 1.7 million migrants arrived at the mexican-us border. immigra...
4. a video of actor rashmika mandanna has recently gone viral on social media. the problem: its not she who is in the video. the woman on whose body her face has been morphed has also been violated. this video is not a one-off. of late, there have been quite a few such fake videos. deepfakes, as they a...
5. the code, which appears to lack an enforcement mechanism, was adopted after media reports detailed ethics questions surrounding some supreme court members. the supreme court of the united states has announced its first formal code of ethics governing the conduct of its nine justices, following month...

Contexts for 'shares' in 2013:
1. parents criticise canadian police after teen's suicide - bbc news bbc homepage skip to content accessibility help your account home news sport earth reel worklife travel more menu more menu search bbc home news sport earth reel worklife travel culture future music tv weather sounds close menu bbc ne...
2. is home depot a cash king? | the motley fool please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility search  s&p 500 + ---% |  stock advisor + ---% join the motley fool accessibility log in help accessibility menu our services stock market news angle-down stock news stock market ne...
3. georgia denied elimination of inter raos liabilities - trend.az en ru az tr fa news terminal menu latest azerbaijan politics economy society other news economy green economy oil&gas ict finance business construction transport tourism tenders iran nuclear program politics business society central asi...
4. are states still enforcing unconstitutional sodomy laws?  | salon.com news & politics culture food science & health money life stories video reviews lifestyle the new sober boom getting hooked on quitting education liberal arts cuts are dangerous is college necessary? finance dying parents costing m...
5. 1 natural gas company to put on your radar? | the motley fool please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility search  s&p 500 + ---% |  stock advisor + ---% join the motley fool accessibility log in help accessibility menu our services stock market news angle-down stock new...

Contexts for 'shares' in 2023:
1. repligen (nasdaq:rgenfree report)had its price objective reduced by ubs group from $210.00 to $170.00 in a report released on thursday morning,benzingareports. ubs group currently has a buy rating on the biotechnology companys stock. a number of other equities analysts have also recently commented o...
2. synovus financial corp purchased a new stake in totalenergies se (nyse:ttefree report) during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent form 13f filing with the sec. the institutional investor purchased 80,152 shares of the companys stock, valued at approximately $4,620,000. several other hedge ...
3. ansys (nasdaq:anssfree report)had its price objective upped by rosenblatt securities from $320.00 to $332.00 in a research report released on friday morning,benzingareports. rosenblatt securities currently has a buy rating on the software makers stock. a number of other analysts have also recently w...
4. arc resources (tse:arxfree report)had its price objective increased by scotiabank from c$30.00 to c$32.00 in a research note issued to investors on friday,baystreet.careports. the brokerage currently has an outperform rating on the oil and gas exploration companys stock. a number of other brokerages...
5. montreal, nov.  14, 2023  (globe newswire) --lightspeed commerce inc.(nyse | tsx: lspd) has been selected by david jones, australias leading premium department store curating the most exclusive global and local brands, as part of its vision 2025+ strategy to digitize its merchandising and buying pro...

Contexts for 'technology' in 2013:
1. serb president seeks forgiveness for serbian crimes accessibility links skip to main content skip to main navigation skip to search next close previous next this image contains sensitive content which some people may find offensive or disturbing. click to reveal print options: images multimedia embe...
2. to save rhinos, just add poison | rhino horns | live science skip to main content open menu close menu live science live science search search live science subscribe rss space health planet earth animals archaeology physics & math human behavior technology chemistry more science news about us newsle...
3. indonesian diplomats to remain in north korea, says marty - tue, april 9, 2013 - the jakarta post thejakartapost please update your browser your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. a list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. just click on the icons to ...
4. last groups of south koreans begin pulling out from shuttered north korean factory park news today's news us politics world tech reviews and deals audio computing gaming health home phones science tvs climate change health science 2024 election originals the 360 newsletters life health covid-19 fall...
5. sudan rebels expand offensive accessibility links skip to main content skip to main navigation skip to search next close previous next this image contains sensitive content which some people may find offensive or disturbing. click to reveal print options: images multimedia embedded content comments ...

Contexts for 'technology' in 2023:
1. washington, nov.  27, 2023  (globe newswire) -- the3d cell culture marketis valued at usd 1040.75 million in 2022 and is expected to reach usd 3183.68 million by 2030 at a cagr of 15% over the forecast period 2023-2030. market overview the 3d cell culture market has witnessed a transformative surge ...
2. rb global, inc. (nyse:rbaget free report) (tse:rba) ceojames francis kessleracquired 1,250 shares of the firms stock in a transaction dated tuesday, november 14th. the stock was bought at an average price of $60.06 per share, with a total value of $75,075.00. following the purchase, the chief execut...
3. sunnyvale, calif., nov.  14, 2023  (globe newswire) --illumio, inc., the zero trust segmentation company, today released thecloud security index: redefine cloud security with zero trust segmentation, that presents the findings of global research into the current state of cloud security, the impact o...
4. diasorin (otcmkts:dsrlfget free report) and thermo fisher scientific (nyse:tmoget free report) are both medical companies, but which is the better investment? we will contrast the two businesses based on the strength of their dividends, profitability, institutional ownership, earnings, valuation, ri...
5. ametek, inc. (nyse:ameget free report) director steven w. kohlhagen sold 810 shares of ametek stock in a transaction that occurred on tuesday, november 14th. the stock was sold at an average price of $155.09, for a total transaction of $125,622.90. following the completion of the sale, the director ...

Contexts for 'market' in 2013:
1. officials: boston bomb suspect acknowledged role - world - the jakarta post thejakartapost please update your browser your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. a list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. just click on the icons to get to the download pa...
2. judge: parents were too besotted to hurt children uk news website of the year 2024 search icon news sport business money opinion ukraine us election travel health lifestyle culture puzzles podcasts uk edition us edition search icon subscribe now log in sections uk edition us edition news news home u...
3. margaret thatcher death parties: the left's sick 'celebration' on brixton's streets | daily mail online home showbiz tv femail royals sports health science politics money u.k. video travel puzzles shopping breaking news australia video university guide china debate meghan markle prince harry king ch...
4. number of gitmo detainees on hunger strike rises accessibility links skip to main content skip to main navigation skip to search next close previous next this image contains sensitive content which some people may find offensive or disturbing. click to reveal link has been copied to clipboard more t...
5. 45-a-month hero amputated girl's hand to save her from factory carnage uk news website of the year 2024 search icon news sport business money opinion ukraine us election travel health lifestyle culture puzzles podcasts uk edition us edition search icon subscribe now log in sections uk edition us edi...

Contexts for 'market' in 2023:
1. agencies representative image tata  group's  indian hotels company  on saturday announced the opening of  taj taal kutir  in kolkata. the hotel is located in proximity to the  kolkata  international airport. the hotel blends its colonial design with a contemporary setting in the smart city of new to...
2. lasse andresen, ceo of indykite.   there has never been an easier time to find a software solution to solve a problem or capitalize on an opportunity. there are countless resources available to help us size up, compare and contrast any kind of solution. eager technologists faced with legacy challeng...
3. openai, the creator of chatgpt, is teaming up with abu dhabis leading artificial intelligence firm as part of an expansion within the united arab emirates and the broader region. the partnership with g42, which is chaired by the uaes influential national security adviser sheikh tahnoon bin zayed al ...
4. shares of tencent music entertainment group (nyse:tmeget free report) have been given a consensus recommendation of moderate buy by the eleven ratings firms that are currently covering the firm,marketbeatreports. five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a bu...
5. boliden ab (publ) (otcmkts:bdnnyget free report) was the target of a large decrease in short interest in the month of october. as of october 31st, there was short interest totalling 600 shares, a decrease of 98.4% from the october 15th total of 36,400 shares. based on an average daily trading volume...
